Changelog for Oct 10th, 2024 (#3501)
timescale/docs: about/changelog.md

All the latest features and updates to Timescale products.

## ✨ Production-Ready Low-Downtime Migrations, MySQL Import, Actions Tab, and Current Lock Contention Visibility in SQL Editor
<Label type="date">October 10, 2024</Label>

### 🏗️ Live Migrations v1.0 Release

Last year, we began developing a solution for low-downtime migration from PostgreSQL and TimescaleDB. Since then, this solution has evolved significantly, featuring enhanced functionality, improved reliability, and performance optimizations. We're now proud to announce that **live migration is production-ready** with the release of version 1.0.

> - Many of our customers have successfully migrated databases to Timescale using live migration, with some databases as large as a few terabytes in size.

Reviewer: Can you add a link on live migration please:

using [live migration][live-migration], with ...

[live-migration]: /migrate/:currentVersion:/live-migration/

### 🔁 Actions Tab

> As part of the service creation flow, we offer three steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the service creation flow, we offer the following: 
```

> 1. Connecting to services from different sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to services from different sources
```

> 2. Importing and migrating data from various sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Import and migrate data from various sources
```

> 3. Hypertable creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create hypertables
```

Previously, these actions were only visible during the service creation process and couldn't be accessed later. Now, these actions are **persisted within the service**, allowing users to leverage them on-demand whenever they're ready to perform these tasks.

> <img width="1491" alt="Screenshot 2024-10-10 at 8 30 03 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/920a343b-5bab-467e-a5f4-88ee45a35adc">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Timescale Console Actions tab](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/timescale-console-actions-tab.png)
```

### 🧭 Import Data from MySQL

> We've noticed users struggling to convert their MySQL schema and data into Timescale due to the semantic differences between MySQL and PostgreSQL. To simplify this process, we now offer **easy-to-follow instructions** for importing data from MySQL to Timescale. This feature is available as part of the data import wizard, under the "Import from MySQL" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've noticed users struggling to convert their MySQL schema and data into their Timescale Cloud services. This was due to the semantic differences between MySQL and PostgreSQL. To simplify this process, we now offer **easy-to-follow instructions** to import data from MySQL to Timescale Cloud.  This feature is available as part of the data import wizard, under the **Import from MySQL** option.
```

> ![Screenshot 2024-10-02 at 8 17 11 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51a9fee3-9bfe-4ca7-bc16-16679590b8c2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![MySQL import instructions](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/mysql-import-instructions.png)
```

### 🔐 Current Lock Contention

> In the console, we offer an SQL editor for directly querying the database. As a new improvement, we now display current lock contention in the result section **if a query is waiting on locks and can't complete execution**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Timescale Console, we offer the SQL editor so you can directly querying your service. As a new improvement,  **if a query is waiting on locks and can't complete execution**, Timescale Console now displays the current lock contention in the results section .
```

> ![image (7)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7529d903-59c3-4aef-802e-7581979a5c35)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![View console services](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/console-services-view.png)
```
